Add release notes for v1.1 (#250)
charmplusplus/charm4py: CHANGES.rst

This describes the most significant changes. For more detail, see the commit
log in the source code repository.

What's new in v1.1
==================

- Add a Ray Core API implementation on Charm4py
- Fixes reductions over a section, use of futures in threaded entry methods
- Reduce message latency for builtin Numpy datatypes
- Disabled local message optimization which broke Charm++ semantics in some
  cases
- Use a `@register` decorator for registering Chares instead of passing them
  as a list to `charm.start`
- Fix build on ARM-based machines

> 

Reviewer: Maybe mention the Cython 3.0 change

This describes the most significant changes. For more detail, see the commit
log in the source code repository.

What's new in v1.1
==================

> - Supported PyPI binary distribution for mac and linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supported PyPI binary distributions for MacOS and Linux
```

- maybe also add the arches we build for here
- maybe add a link to the pypi package
